I had an interesting day today I'll tell
you so last night on our show I took a
senator from Louisiana bill Cassidy I
took him to task for promising to my
face
that he would oppose any health care
plan that allowed insurance companies to
turn people with pre-existing conditions
away in any health care plan that had an
annual or lifetime cap on how much they
would pay out for medical care he said
anything he supported would have to pass
what he named the Jimmy Kimmel test
which was fine it was good but
unfortunately and puzzlingly he proposed
a bill that would allow states to do all
the things he said he would not let them
do he made a total about-face which
means he either doesn't understand his
own bill or he lied to me it's as simple
as that so today it was a bad morning
for senator Cassidy he and his
co-sponsor Lindsey Graham spent the
morning defending the indefensible he
this morning the Senators had for an
interview with Chris Cuomo CNN and
pulled the all comedians are dummies
card there's a new Jimmy Kimmel test for
you it's called a lie-detector test
harsh words not apparently ingest and
joining us now is Senator Bill Cassidy
what is your response senator I'm sorry
he does not understand oh I get it I
don't understand because I'm a talk-show
host right well and then help me out
which part don't I enter you cut two
hundred forty three billion dollars from
federal health care assistance am I not
understanding the part where states
would be allowed to let insurance
companies price you out of coverage for
having pre-existing conditions maybe I
don't understand the part of your bill
in which federal funding disappears
completely
after 2026 or maybe it was the part
where the plans are no longer required
to pay for essential health benefits
like maternity care or pediatric visits
or the part where the American American
sociation the American College of
Physicians the American Academy of
Pediatrics the American Hospital
Association the American Cancer Society
the American Diabetes Association the
American Heart Association Lung
Association arthritis foundation cystic
fibrosis ALS the National Multiple
Sclerosis Society and the March of Dimes
among many others all vehemently opposed
your bill which part of that am I not
understanding or could it be senator
Cassidy
that the problem is that I do understand
and you got caught with your geo penis
out is that I don't want to turn us into
a Kanye and Taylor Swift type situation
but when Senator Cassidy was on my show
and May he told me that he believed that
every American family regardless of
income should be able to get quality
health care and I believed he was
sincere
sadly the bill he unveiled last week
with Senator Lindsey Graham indicates
that he was not sincere it is by many
accounts the worst health care bill yet
I have a clip that I hope will make what
happened with senator Cassidy easier to
understand this is from last night's
Yankees game so senator Cassidy
he made a pitch that looked to be pretty
good at first but then it took a
dangerous turn and hit us right in and
that's what happened
you see so got a lot of nice tweets
words you support today from people from
a lot of sick and disabled people who
are worried about their access to health
care being cut off but I also got some
words that were not so nice particularly
from our friends at Fox and Friends
Sunday's politically-charged Emmys may
have been the lowest rate in history but
that's not stopping Hollywood elites
like comedian Jimmy Kimmel for pushing
their politics on the rest of the
country watch thanks Brian that was
Brian Kilmeade and the reason I found
this comment to be particularly annoying
it's because this is a guy Brian
Kilmeade
who whenever I see him kisses my ass
like a little boy meeting Batman
[Applause]
who follows me on Twitter he asked me to
write a blurb for his book which I did
he calls my agent looking for projects
he's dying to be a member of the
Hollywood elite the only reason he's not
a member the poly would release because
nobody'll hire him to be one and you
know the reason I'm talking about this
because my son had an open heart surgery
and has to have two more and because of
that I learned that there are kids with
no insurance in the same situation I
don't get anything out of this Brian you
phony little creep oh wow how do you
when I see you that will be my blurb for
your next book Brian Kilmeade
is a phony little creep
guess who else weighed in with his
opinion up Bing Governor Christie you
come down on the Jimmy Kimmel side of
the Cassidy III yeah I don't come down
the Jimmy Kimmel side but I'm not but
I'm not in favor of the bill is to
provide health care for people with
pre-existing conditions you're listen
I'm not gonna give it to Jimmy Kimmel
he's not a serious person I'm not as
yours I never got my head stuck in a
bucket of fried chicken
[Applause]
in this case Chris Christie is allowed
to make fun of me from him I deserve it
and to be completely honest I did once
get my head stuck in a bucket of fried
chicken
I also got a scolding today from Senator
Lindsey Graham who's the co-sponsor of
this terrible new health care bill
senator Graham told reporters that what
I said last night was garbage he lashed
out at me for not calling senator
Cassidy before I went on the air I guess
to give him a chance to lie to me again
over the telephone but I'm not gonna
attack Lindsey Graham for two reasons
number one he's one of the few
Republicans who stands up to Donald
Trump and number two Lindsey Graham
happens to look a lot like my grandma
Jane who is now deceased
right so I have a soft spot for him I
love you grandma Lindsey I don't care
what you said meanwhile President Trump
is desperate to do away with Obamacare
he's mad at Rand Paul for going against
it
today he tweeted Rand Paul is a friend
of mine but he is such a negative force
when it comes to fixing a Healthcare
Graham Cassidy bill is great ends okay
that's all he cares about it ends
because there's no way there's no way
present from breadless bill that he says
is great he just wants to get rid of
because Obama's name is on it the
Democrats should just rename it Ivanka
care guarantee he gets on board can you
imagine Donald Trump actually sitting
down to read a health care bill it's
like trying to imagine a dog doing your
taxes it just doesn't compute you know
but I don't necessarily blame him I did
more homework this week than all my
years of college combined this health
care bill it's confusing especially for
the people who aren't experts in the
field so to make it simpler I wanted to
take a moment to boil it down in a
special edition of barista theater okay
in a coffee shop and this is my barista
go right ahead
hi there what can I get you I'd like a
black coffee please
oh sure thing your name my name is Jimmy
J oh yeah there you go that'll be 350
but what did what are you doing what was
that you asked for a black coffee yeah
but it's all over the table Oh sir I'm
sorry you don't understand I provided
you with coffee now it's up to the
individual cup to decide whether you get
it or not what the hell are you talking
about a cup is a cup is it though we
believe each cup is capable of making
its own decision on whether an old
coffee or not but your job is to serve
coffee shouldn't I for sure be able to
drink it oh I'm sorry no pudding bottoms
on all the cups would be too expensive
so anyway that'll be 350 Timmy I'm not
paying it it's Jimmy by the way and this
is exhausting I am want no part of this
at all you're exhausted yes that's a
pre-existing condition your new total is
three hundred and eighty-seven dollars
and fifty cents that's ridiculous I'm
not paying three hundred eighty-seven
dollars
ridiculous actually it is adequate and
if portable you know what I'll just go
to another coffee place thank you this
is how all coffee shops are now if you
want your coffee and a cup go to Canada
fine you know what they're present in is
cuter anyway and see
[Applause]
and then what I want and then we will
move on from those I promise at the end
of my monologue last night I encourage
people who care about the subject to
call their Senators to let them know
they care I even gave out a phone number
now this video of the monologue has
millions and millions of views it was
all over the news a lot of people have
seen it shared it but the New York Times
today contacted the office of Susan
Collins who's one of the key senators on
this and they claimed at her office that
the call volume she got is the same as
usual and if that is true this is why
things like this keep happening because
we don't do anything about them so
please stop texting for five seconds and
make a phone call especially call these
senators these are their numbers right
there on the screen if you live in one
of these states call them it really does
make a difference and who knows maybe
you'll meet somebody over the phone and
fall in love you don't know what's gonna
happen
alright hi I'm Julie Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click Subscribe this invisible
hamster will die